hey guys shush the bane second I want to
show you how to install the screen
protector on the new iPhone 6 plus so
the screen protectors I got here are
just the cheap eBay specials I'll leave
the link in the description if you're
interested only cost a few bucks not
very expensive at all and it came with I
believe a six pack so it's really nice
something I really like is that they
included a looks like an alcohol prep
pad which is one of the best ways to
clean off the screen and that's exactly
what it is so let's just get right into
it try to make this as quick as possible
give you some of the tips I use on a
regular basis to install a screen
protector
and sure enough because it's a cheap
eBay special this is dry as a bone so go
ahead and get any kind of cleaning
materials that you have if you have some
extra pads around and go ahead and use
that if not you can use a microfiber
cloth and that helps just make sure that
you get no dust or any kind of debris on
your screen and that's going to be the
key to success for no bubbles and all
that kind of stuff all right so the
method of cleaning that we're gonna have
to do is actually a spray solution that
helps clean the screen we've got a
couple microfiber cloths to get the dust
off and just that's the way we're gonna
do for this video I actually do really
recommend the alcohol prep pads just
because they really clean the best it's
always been a good experience so I'm
just going to spray this once I just
opened this iPhone so it shouldn't be
too bad we'll just give her a nice
cleaning and make sure there's no dust
on it one trick that you can do is get a
sticker if you're having any kind of
problems getting dust off just dab the
screen and the sticker will get it
something char now at this time so for
this part I'm gonna let you watch that I
can stand directly over and guide the
screen protector down so just watch my
hands carefully to see where I place
them and this is gonna be the way that I
install pretty much all my screen
protectors
if you notice what I did I use these
fingers to hold it in place and guide it
I used the speaker grille and also the
home but as my reference points to see
if everything's lined up straight and as
you're putting it down you can feel the
edge and you can see if you're standing
directly over if it's all lined up so
that's how you get it all lined up and
aligned correctly in the best way to
just to do it in my opinion there's
other ways to do it that work for other
people this is what works for me almost
every time so this next part is actually
the probably the worst part is working
out the bubbles and then seeing if any
actual dust got stuck between the glass
and screen protectors so go ahead and
work out those bubbles if you see
anything left over and you see a little
speck inside the middle that usually
indicates that it's a piece of dust and
we'll cross that bridge in a second if
this happens to me so it looks like I
got a couple pieces here and I'm gonna
show you how to get rid of that
basically you just lift up on the screen
protector try not to bend it too much
and then you're going to get your
sticker or a piece of tape and you just
dab the screen and the screen protector
where the spots are and then let it go
back in place and you should be all set
once you're comfortable with all the
bubbles being worked out go ahead and
remove this second layer the second
layer is not even wanted to stake and
remove if you could see the other side
of the camera
I am literally doing a s and H
so normally this is the first time this
has ever happened here we go I got it
off this is just to show you how to and
so I'm not really doing a review on the
screen protector itself but this is how
you do it but I will give a couple
minutes of what I think about the screen
protector so far not really good and I
was actually interested to see how this
would work because the iPhone has a
curve to display now or just round it
off and I was kind of wondering how that
did so the screen protector doesn't go
all the way to the edge of the iPhone
like I've seen with previous models but
that is how you install a screen
protector the main tips that I use I got
some bubbles here too I still got to
work out but that's how you do it and
that's how you remove a piece of dust if
you need to just gently lift it up dab
it with that piece of tape and it
removes that dust and then the main
thing is that you want a nice clean
environment that snuck in throwing
around dust and getting on the screen
make sure you get the screen nice to
clean use the tip about getting the
fingers on the corners and that just
helps me line it up almost every time
thanks guys for watching I hope you
enjoyed this video if you thought that
was helpful to you please give a thumbs
up if you have not subscribed yet please
do so so you can see more videos like
this